hello yourself cook today go on
Unfortunately, Ivanov did not play
I write a release this week
except today it's like I was sick
but today I will try to make up
time to score as many goals as possible
so by the end of the release on my team
there was as much silver as possible
players
looking for an opponent let's play a match
if you want to buy cheap coins for
FIFA than an item to follow the link
which is in the description for the video there
be a VKontakte group where you can
buy cheap coins for various
platform composition at the opponent I think
england here is a hybrid spain france and
England
cool team and place chordi alba on
flank
very dangerous opponent is very difficult
I will think so, but let's see Russia still
Who does not attack the award it was cool
body go pass go pass baby baby
baby
hit near corner beat but valdez on
the place we hung was the hotel here on the sword
must be the first blow and defender
saves the gate nothing happens at her
how could a dead end be in my mind
He moved the ball here and even pass the ball at
passes the transfer must have been a hotel
kick kick kick kick good corner again
valdez takes the ball but there he is
uncomfortable on death so think left to
my opponent's number and now
cast passes and oh how so not
the ridge is scored with fish but it's a goalkeeper like
the tree played he stood inspected and
felt him full of crap
may react as I do not know translate
the ball is on the corner but there is also past all
the ball flew but came out still do not know 10
no time nobody was hotel alone
it is worth a blow Valdez in place of the defender
or who was there I do not know the time and place
pirate ball in the center can be dangerous
hit blows goal in my opinion there was a rebound
if not for the player who downloads
he is less possible the goalkeeper would have caught well
I do not know yes there was a ricochet of the fifth
numbers ball flies through the net
what is 20 30 minutes and see a little bit
then there will be a lot of time
there are moments but this is in my opinion my left
the tank runs and overtakes the opponent's players
can do cross but there is not one
player and you can beat now hit her from
rebound could fly the ball but damn
too strong and you are good
cool cast on the shaft
must deal a goal kick excellent hours 9
minutes and mario balotelli everything is fine
Negredo passes not coming that he is good
how cool is mogatec given
output situation is included in the center
beat hit beat hit good hit but
near corner and there is a valdez in place over
was very turn around there or what such
come up with a meadow around the hotel can
beat beat hit beat hit battery don't
that analysis scores damn I already thought
tabal hotel scored on whether the second scores
Goal
22 ah-ah-ay was a hotel
oh well how's what passed
cool good hit hit goal floor body tele
good 32 what a match this blow was
the hotel is just deadly again remember
mind and struck was the hotel
cool kick from the barbell you got to
punched perfectly just 32 what kind of comeback
dangerous dangerous can be dangerous can
be dangerous no no no oh well 33 not
ridge what the hell are you
goalkeeper if i hadn't stepped goalkeeper there
the goalkeeper would have caught but for some reason I started
go out and equalized the rival
cool match was hotel scores two
sword if I'm not mistaken
Shake up puts the ball on the cool
match with two replacements and play
one more and so chatted scored two goals
by replacing two
players i think i will change this time
cent PKK put here Greco
and put another one too I have two
player 2b to from one club put
Ross probably on the right flank
so that chemistry was better yes the name became
much better now 96 will play one more
match and probably finish duck u rival
very bad chemistry now let's see
what team is a hybrid from different leagues
players get
Italy Spain and England but in attack
Gomez is who can always taste bitter
let's see and there will be crosses flank probably
will be cross flank goalkeeper goalkeeper
knocks the ball with his fist and now hit her
what a parachute punch com bell center
selects pinara 5th and how dangerous
maybe it's good for armor
the goalkeepers are so good not him again immediately
guarding is necessary to hit the bar is dangerous because
that gomez comes out flank shots goal from
rod flies the ball into the goal damn well, not
I know my goalkeeper should have taken
marked in principle far enough with
long distance hit but not shone
the ball oh well so patched passes
Barbie is good powerful blow to the new goalkeeper
gets on sul on was the hotel passes and
need to turn around the hotel runs runs
runs runs runs with a great goal kick
compares the score of mario balotelli 45 minutes
and cool strike in the near corner for
goalkeeper and goal
Serve on ice hit a goal on ice Donald
scores 21 cool again head scores
my protector from genesis was ebay hotel
After all, there was a hotel head 31 cool
excellent right after the break, scored two
goals are great just 31 corps
the second player puts thereby hinders
to another player and you can beat her if
on the far hung it would be a goal
there was a hotel alone standing but
another defender insures and that you
do guys why strike a bar beat out
good i had a goal
not to finish the medal and now why the hell
so you do gomez and say screwed up
flogged defenders and scoring gomez always
can score in any situation and here
now he scores 32 32 and column 10
minutes everyone can be knocked on was
a hotel where we chatted about it
be dangerous very little body goes alone
on one almost hit her and why
so broke center field and now
the last opponent's attacks will probably be
and it is very dangerous and may be gomez hit
scissors what do you do in 32 points
scores two goals 0 to 1
however, as in the previous match was still
one moment at the end of the first second
More precisely time which could realize
but unfortunately I did not implement it, and so
chatted scored two goals respectively
make two replacements
first thing I want to replace the left side
it will be futile from the steam we will replace it
in iraq which is a little bit much
faster than this without bach but nisbah
we will protect the stats much better and change
still think opornika opornika will
opornik we will have and tried for the Brazilian
another brazilian in the judson team here
here chemistry will be much better think yes
there will be one hundred percent chemistry now everything
players with a series of actually it finally
happened now i won't have a bad
chemistry on it all i think in this release
scored how many four goals played two
match I think you enjoyed it with you
how everyone bye